HELM-348: Create documentation for each of the panels provided by Helm (#566)
OpenNMS/opennms-helm: docs/modules/panel_configuration/pages/index.adoc

This section describes the following types of panel configuration:

> * xref:forecasting.adoc[Forecast metrics]
> * xref:dynamic-dashboard.adoc[Dynamic dashboards]
> * xref:expressions.adoc[Working with expressions]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:forecasting.adoc[Forecast metrics].
* xref:dynamic-dashboard.adoc[Dynamic dashboards].
* xref:expressions.adoc[Working with expressions].
```

[[custom-panel]]
== Default custom panels

{page-component-title} comes with several pre-configured, custom panels.
They are described in this section.

Alarm Histogram:: Bar chart that shows the distribution of alarms by severity level.
+
image::alarm-histogram.png[Horizontal bar graph showing distribution of critical and major alarms, 500]

Alarm Table:: Displays alarms in table format.
+
image::alarm-panel.png[Two tables: one displays unacknowledged alarms, and the other displays acknowledged alarms, 500]

> Filter Panel:: A filter panel lets you specify data to include other panels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter Panel:: Panel that lets you specify data to include other panels.
```

+
image::filter-panel.png[Blank fields in a filter panel, 500]

> Flow Histogram:: Bar chart that shows the distribution of flows data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Flow Histogram:: Bar chart that shows the distribution of flow data.
This panel expects the Flow Datasource query to have a `asTableSummary()` transform included.
```

This section describes the following types of panel configuration:

* xref:forecasting.adoc[Forecast metrics]
* xref:dynamic-dashboard.adoc[Dynamic dashboards]
* xref:expressions.adoc[Working with expressions]

[[custom-panel]]
== Default custom panels

> {page-component-title} comes with several pre-configured, custom panels, described in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} comes with several pre-configured, custom panels.
They are described in this section.
```

> === Alarm Histogram
> Bar chart that shows the distribution of alarms by severity level.
> 
> image::alarm-histogram.png[Horizontal bar graph showing distribution of critical and major alarms, 500]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alarm Histogram:: Bar chart that shows the distribution of alarms by severity level.
+
image::alarm-histogram.png[Horizontal bar graph showing distribution of critical and major alarms, 500]
```

> === Alarm Table
> Displays alarms in table format.
> 
> image::alarm-panel.png[Table of unacknowledged alarms and a table of acknowledged alamrs, 500]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alarm Table:: Displays alarms in table format.
+
image::alarm-panel.png[Two tables: one displays unacknowledged alarms, and the other displays acknowledged alarms, 500]
```

> === Filter Panel
> A filter panel lets you specify data to include other panels.
> 
> image::filter-panel.png[Blank fields in a filter panel, 500]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter Panel:: A filter panel lets you specify data to include other panels.
+
image::filter-panel.png[Blank fields in a filter panel, 500]
```

> === Flow Histogram
> Bar chart that shows the distribution of flows data.
> 
> image::flow-histogram.png[Horizontal bar graph that displays network flow data, 500]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flow Histogram:: Bar chart that shows the distribution of flows data.
+
image::flow-histogram.png[Horizontal bar graph that displays network flow data, 500]
```
